1. Create a new process by invoking the appropriate system call. Get the process identifier of the currently running process and its respective parent using system calls and display the same using a C program.
2. Identify the system calls to copy the content of one file to another and illustrate the same using a C program.
3. Design a CPU scheduling program with C using First Come First Served technique with the following considerations. 
a. All processes are activated at time 0. 
b. Assume that no process waits on I/O devices.
4. Construct a scheduling program with C that selects the waiting process with the smallest execution time to execute next.
5. Construct a scheduling program with C that selects the waiting process with the highest priority to execute next.
6. Construct a C program to implement pre-emptive priority scheduling algorithm.
7. Construct a C program to implement non-preemptive SJF algorithm.
8. Construct a C program to simulate Round Robin scheduling algorithm with C.
9. Illustrate the concept of inter-process communication using shared memory with a C program.  
10. Illustrate the concept of inter-process communication using message queue with a C program.  
11. Illustrate the concept of multithreading using a C program.
12. Design a C program to simulate the concept of Dining-Philosophers problem
13. Construct a C program for implementation the various memory allocation strategies.
14. Construct a C program to organize the file using single level directory.
15. Design a C program to organize the file using two level directory structure.
16. Develop a C program for implementing random access file for processing the employee details.
17. Illustrate the deadlock avoidance concept by simulating Banker’s algorithm with C. 
18 Construct a C program to simulate producer-consumer problem using semaphores.  
19. Design a C program to implement process synchronization using mutex locks.
20. Construct a C program to simulate Reader-Writer problem using Semaphores.
21. Develop a C program to implement worst fit algorithm of memory management.
22. Construct a C program to implement best fit algorithm of memory management.
23. Construct a C program to implement first fit algorithm of memory management.
24. Design a C program to demonstrate UNIX system calls for file management.
25. Construct a C program to implement the I/O system calls of UNIX (fcntl, seek, stat, opendir, readdir)
26. Construct a C program to implement the file management operations.
27. Develop a C program for simulating the function of ls UNIX Command.
28. Write a C program for simulation of GREP UNIX command
29. Write a C program to simulate the solution of Classical Process Synchronization Problem
30. Write C programs to demonstrate the following thread related concepts.
(i) create (ii) join (iii) equal (iv) exit
31. Construct a C program to simulate the First in First Out paging technique of memory management.
32. Construct a C program to simulate the Least Recently Used paging technique of memory management.
33. Construct a C program to simulate the optimal paging technique of memory management  
34. Consider a file system where the records of the file are stored one after another both physically and logically. A record of the file can only be accessed by reading all the previous records.  Design a C program to simulate the file allocation strategy.
35. Consider a file system that brings all the file pointers together into an index block. The ith entry in the index block points to the ith block of the file. Design a C program to simulate the file allocation strategy.
36. With linked allocation, each file is a linked list of disk blocks; the disk blocks may be scattered anywhere on the disk. The directory contains a pointer to the first and last blocks of the file.  Each block contains a pointer to the next block. Design a C program to simulate the file allocation strategy.
37.Construct a C program to simulate the First Come First Served disk scheduling algorithm.  
38. Design a C program to simulate SCAN disk scheduling algorithm.
39. Develop a C program to simulate C-SCAN disk scheduling algorithm.
40. Illustrate the various File Access Permission and different types users in Linux.
